[AILEEN] If I am so in your way,
then I shall be gone as well!
Let's see, here. You're
Belzebuth, is that right?
[gasps] My lord's still willing
to call me by my name!
If you are unable
to recall, I'm Keith.
Your trusted aide.
Ah! How unacceptable.
Your cushion is at
the wrong angle.
[KEITH] This tea looks
dreadful, as well.
Let me prepare you a fresh cup.
Sir? Is it true
you plan to dissolve
your engagement to Lady Aileen?
Feelings can't be helped,
but still, wishing for her
to disappear was cruel.
And I didn't raise
you to be so rude,
especially to the fairer sex.
Now listen here!
I didn't wish that.
I just acknowledged the fact
that we shouldn't
get any closer.
Interesting, your true feelings
must've gotten warped
when they were
transmitted to the demon.
How are you feeling about
the whole situation, my Lord?
[KEITH]
Bel?!
There were traces of
poison on the dresser,
so I purified it. Damned humans!
Next time, we should think
before we ignite, my friend!
What's there to think about?
[CLAUDE]
Extinguish the fire, Bel.
My Lord! Give us your orders.
One request. I must see
Aileen Lauren d'Autriche.
Make certain she
attends the ball.
[AILEEN grumbles]
[ISAAC]
How unlike you.
Are you seriously
not going to go?
[AILEEN] Oh please, I just have
better things to focus on!
My career, for example!
As long as business is booming,
to hell with the engagement!
It matters not if I'm disowned.
[ISAAC] For someone so done
with the demon lord,
it's odd that you're still
living in his castle.
Hey! Unfair!
Almond and the rest of the
demons begged me to stay!
They even choreographed a
little "don't leave us" dance!
Lady Aileen! I have
a delivery for you!
[AILEEN]
What's this?
[KEITH] Your dress!
The ball is two days away!
What is going on here?
It's quite simple, really.
My Lord instructed me
to give you this dress and
order you to attend the ball.
Huh...
[ALMOND]
Go, Aileen!
[DEMON ANIMALS chirping]
But why? After all
that man put me through?
No! I absolutely refuse to go!
No matter how you
whine and dissent,
orders are orders, yes?
Or would you prefer execution?
Even without his memories,
my Lord is still the man he was.
He'd rather die than let go
of the things he holds dear.
You think he holds me dear?
Really? Even after
I slapped him?
I wouldn't be surprised
if that made him
fall in love with you
all over again!
There's no way you can
convince me to go!
Save this stubbornness
for another day.
Go! Go! Demons!
Commence with the "Lord
Claude is Calling" dance!
♪
[DEMON CROWS squawking]
[DEMON ANIMALS grunting]
[ALMOND, SUGAR squawk]
[DEMON ANIMALS chirp]
[bleats]
[DEMON ANIMALS grunting]
[DEMON BULLS grunting]
[DEMON CROWS squawking]
Uh. Please, a little help here!
Just give in already.
[gasping]
[AILEEN] He was so cold
when I tried to seduce him,
then he chases me down
the moment I give up?
I've always heard that men
are creatures of the hunt.
But this is unforgivable!
[AILEEN] After all, I have
my pride to consider as well.
[CROWD chattering]
[AUGUSTE gasping]
[AILEEN]
Oh, Lord Claude.
[GROUP grunting]
[AILEEN] If you're going to
make me attend this tragedy...
[LILIA laughs]
[AILEEN] ...I'll make you
live to regret it!
Uh. Aileen? Why do you don
the head of a duck?
[AILEEN] I was ordered to
show up and wear the dress.
There were no stipulations
regarding headwear. Hmph!
Why are you being
so resistant to me?
[AILEEN]
I'm just being fashionable!
This is the latest trend!
Doubtful, now take
it off. Please.
[AILEEN] I refuse! I don't
want you to see my face!
I'm not sure you're worthy!
[grunts]
[AILEEN screaming]
Lord Claude! Put me down!
This is extremely
improper of you!
She who attends a
ball in a duck costume
cannot dictate what's proper.
[CLAUDE]
Pardon us.
[AILEEN whines]
[AILEEN]
Just what are you trying to do?
[AILEEN gasps]
May I embrace you?
[gasps]
If this turns out to be your
disturbed attempt at a joke,
you will see new
levels of my fury.
[CLAUDE] It's strange.
My body knows exactly
how much force I
should use to caress you.
[AILEEN gasps]
[CLAUDE]
Keith gave me some advice.
He told me to bring
my face close to yours,
and whisper your name.
Please! That sounds
like utter nonsense!
What good would such a thing do?
Aileen.
[gasping]
[AILEEN yelps]
I see now. You're not
quite as experienced
with men as you
led me to believe.
You had me fooled indeed.
No! You just caught me
off guard, that's all!
I have boatloads of experience!
Interesting, care to prove it?
What a crude suggestion!
We're not husband and wife!
[CLAUDE]
Here me when I say:
Aileen, I am in love with you.
In love with me?
Do you really mean that?
[CLAUDE]
I do. I love you dearly, Aileen.
I want to make you cry,
laugh, and spoil you
so rotten you can't
live without me.
[AILEEN] You still feel that way
even without your memories?
[CLAUDE] Whether I have
my memories or not,
it seems my love for
you doesn't change.
The two of us are fated to be.
[AILEEN] After all you did,
you think that a few
romantic words will
make me forgive you?
More or less.
[AILEEN gasps] No! I want to
call off the engagement!
If you'll entertain me,
I do have a better solution.
Listen here.
First, I'll give you
full control.
Until you're able to forgive me,
you can do anything
you want to my body.
Absolutely not!
I must admit, I'm disappointed.
I was eager to see
what you'd do.
We could've gotten even closer.
Well, that's a far cry from
our previous conversation!
What happened to you?
They say that love changes
people, don't they?
You-- You think you can
worm your way out of this
by batting your eyes?
Oh, curses! I need to give it up
and forgive you, don't I?
Now, come along dear,
let's head back inside.
We have to dance together.
That will show the people
where we stand.
I need a minute
to fix my makeup.
You can go back to the party
and I'll meet you there shortly.
I'd hate to part from you
for even a moment.
And you look beautiful
just as you are.
You have to give a lady time
to ready herself!
So, if you send me out in
front of those people
in this state of disarray,
I'll put my duck head back on!
Heh. Fine, be quick.
I'll be anxiously
awaiting your arrival.
[RACHEL]
You're a truly remarkable woman.
Few could earn a man's love
by slapping him in the face.
Huh? Is that my legacy?
I'll find a lip color
that matches your dress.
You can stay right there.
[AILEEN]
I can hardly believe it.
Lord Claude said he loves me!
[AILEEN gasps]
[ELEPHAS]
You look happy, Lady Aileen.
Are you glad you
came to the ball?
Tell me, what's
the meaning of this?
I thought true love
was the stuff of fiction.
Your fairytale ending
caught me off guard.
At this rate, the demon lord
may well regain his memories.
I can't have that.
[AILEEN]
When I played the game,
he helped restore Claude
to demon lord status.
His original plotline made me
completely drop my guard.
I found you to be
an incredible master.
How I wish I had met
you before I met her.
Seems you're in a tricky spot.
So, who is this primary master
you're being forced
to betray me for?
A monstrous woman
and I'll keep it at that.
Poor man.
Never fear, your lady
will step in and save you.
Too late.
[AILEEN]
Almond?
[ELEPHAS] Don't worry,
he's alive. For now.
Coward! You took an
innocent soul hostage?
When does innocence stop
and stupidity begin, though?
The ignorant fool
didn't expect a thing.
[AILEEN gasping]
[ELEPHAS] And now, it's time for
the actors to take their places.
Actors?
Leicester! Come quick!
Lady Aileen's is using incense!
What a shame, we all
thought so highly of you.
[AILEEN] To call that acting
is an affront to art itself.
[CROWD chattering]
[ALL gasping]
[LILIA]
What is the meaning of this?
While I shouldn't get
into the details now,
it seems she was planning
to use demon incense
to make those
wretched beasts attack.
[ATTENDEE A]
Demons?
[ATTENDEE B]
Coming here?
She wants to turn the crown
prince back into the demon lord.
Then she'll have him use his
monsters to usurp the throne.
My, what a terrifying notion!
We should have the wench
executed immediately!
You're right. We can't allow
her to get away with this.
I regret to inform you,
that isn't all.
Lady Aileen has been intimately
involved with various men,
many of whom while she was
the crown prince's fiancée.
What? You lie!
Go on. Convince your
beloved that it's true.
If you value the life
of your crow, that is.
[gasps]
Your highness, you recognize
this man, don't you?
It's come out that
he and Lady Aileen
have spent many a
salacious night together.
Apologies, my lord. I have
betrayed you. Completely.
Well, I-- I didn't act alone.
We've both wronged you.
Now clarify. Who's "we"?
Is he trying to say tha--
Why, you--!
August! Calm down!
My Lord. I have not a
concern about my own life,
but I beg you, please, just
spare my precious Lady Aileen!
How dare you spout such
utterly unfounded lies!
You can't believe him!
It's his word against my own!
Why deny the truth?
You came to me
a lonely and fragile woman
in search of company.
You told me that I was the only
man you felt you could trust.
Was all of that a lie as well?
Stop this at once!
Tell me you love me,
that's all I need.
If you can do that,
I'll believe every word you say.
[gasps]
[AILEEN]
Silly me.
I should have said,
"I love you, too"
when I still had the chance.
You're such a fool.
Aileen.
[AILEEN] I tried my damnedest
to conceal my feelings.
I mean, you are the
crown prince, after all.
But everyone has their limits,
and I find the thought of being
loved by you revolting.
That can't be so.
Oh, I assure you it can.
Why would a human
love a demon lord?
It defies the very
laws of nature.
My, have you forgotten
what you are?
Under the fanciful mask
that you so proudly wear,
you are a demonic monstrosity!
Stop right there!
[gasps]
My Lord! She is lying!
Just forget all of that dreck!
I know that Aileen lo--
[gasps]
[ELEPHAS]
He shouldn't have done that.
[AILEEN]
No...
Tell me this isn't real!
[AILEEN gasps]
[CROWD gasping]
[CLAUDE]
Almond?
[ALL grunting]
[screams]
[LILIA, CEDRIC grunting]
I know it hurts, Lord Claude,
but you have to stop!
[CLAUDE]
Aileen?
[gasping] Lord Claude?
You remember!
Put an end to this madness
and kill that girl!
She's trying to transform
my son into a monster!
[SOLDIERS]
Sir!
Mobilize my army
and my holy knights!
Don't just stand there, men!
Go to the forest and
suppress the demons!
Please, I beg you!
Wait! [groaning]
No! Claude!
No time! You need to run!
But he's hurt!
[RACHEL]
Go!
Elephas, darling!
Do us all a favor
and rid the world of that
miserable whelp for good!
[GROUP grunts]
Aileen! Get out of here!
Until I return,
protect the demons!
Be careful, Lord Claude!
[CLAUDE grunts]
[grunts]
[BELZEBUTH]
Aileen! It's him! I felt it!
It was only for a moment,
but I could sense his power!
Still, I worry
something's wrong.
I can no longer feel
Almond's presence.
[gasps, whimpers]
Almond stands by Lord
Claude's side and is
under his protection.
I'm sure he's fine.
[JAMES] The knights
draw closer as we speak.
If we don't do something quick,
they'll surround us.
You can't give up, Aileen.
A demon lord's wife
wouldn't surrender.
Right. First, do you have
an escape route prepared?
Who do you think I am?
[AILEEN] You built an
underground labyrinth?
Uh-huh!
We should be able to get outside
the capital from the castle now.
With all the supplies
stashed in here,
we could be self-sufficient
for six more months.
How brilliant you are!
And the demon moles
love the tunnels.
Oh! And per your
request, Belzebuth,
I tried to make everything
look extra ominous!
This is truly
extraordinary work.
[DEMON ANIMALS chattering]
[RIBBON chirps]
Now listen up, everyone.
I know many of you
have felt uneasy
without the steady presence
of our lord around.
So, as of this moment,
I will take on the role
of Lord Claude's proxy.
[KEITH] This may come as
a surprise to many of you,
but in a single instance
of emergency,
I have been granted the power
to bestow orders in
place of our lord.
[AILEEN]
Mm? Is that true?
Indeed. Lord Claude
laid this magic
a while back, just in case
there was an emergency.
The spell's called
Provisional Demon Lord!
[DEMON ANIMALS chattering]
[KEITH, CLAUDE]
All demons,
begone from this
place while you can.
Stay far from the imperial
capital and unknown humans.
That works...
Oh, don't look so shocked.
All in a day's work for Lord
Claude's right-hand man!
[LILIA] It doesn't matter
if you're the demon lord.
You're a side character.
Aileen is clearly
the protagonist.
What are you talking about?
I never dreamed there
would be a romance path
I couldn't complete. Honestly,
I'm rather impressed.
I can see how Aileen found
that iciness appealing,
but perhaps you'd like a change.
This time, you can play
the maiden in distress.
You're the one who
stole my past, aren't you?
Maybe! Who can say?
Everyone knows the main
character's the one
who has to solve the mystery.
[grunts]
[AILEEN]
What a trek.
I wasn't quite prepared for
a full-fledged dungeon crawl.
Are we positive everyone ahead
of us made it out safely?
They're supposed to be here.
But I'm sure there's a
logical reason they're late.
We all recall the predetermined
meeting place, yes?
If something happens,
you know where to go.
[SUGAR]
Bad news! Bad news!
The cavalry is coming!
Escape while you can!
That was fast.
We'll be cornered soon.
Allow me to act as your decoy.
I'll pretend to be you,
Lady Aileen,
and lead their men far
away from your trail.
[AILEEN]
No! I can't condone that!
We will not leave you behind!
Don't worry about me.
Find the demons and
make sure they're safe.
But... but Rachel.
Well, Isaac?
Good luck.
You'd let her go?!
It'll be fine. We'll see
to it that she's safe.
I think should
come along with you.
Having someone who can
communicate with demons
will give you an advantage.
[chirps]
I'll be fine. I promise.
Be safe.
[AILEEN gasping]
How can this be happening?
I should've known!
It's almost like you
wanted to be found.
What else would you expect,
flying a demon of this size?
[grunts]
Make one move and
you're a dead man.
A fall from this height
isn't going to be pretty.
Now, tell your demon
to fly us to the palace.
Are you daft enough to
believe I'd do as you say?
The sword is activating
on its own?
--[AILEEN grunts]
--[ELEPHAS gasps]